then there is a technique that we use
at the pick called palm utah
their palms it's the palm of the hand
and better than that means blocked in
actually it comes with the slice of the
hand
it's about blocking the resonance of
ropes by putting it on the ya style of the
horse like this and then with the
picks we just play the strings
no it allows to have one are slightly
choked that gives another sound to
the guitar we'll do that for example
on 1 it was rare that if we
make a friend in blues we will rather do
friends like that to the day that the bodies of
serious
on the limit, but we only play
the two graffiti bodies 5th and 6th string
if I do not palm and miou chessa
[Music]
the notes continue to resonate he I have
a lot of newt g1 are more deaf
more clearer medium in the attacks
so what we can do is play
twice sown
and then with the little finger you
come and put your finger on the 4th
box of the fifth string while
keeping the first one here must of course
[Music]
you do that then we can very well
to make a rhythm of blues a pump blot
his call on the mit have can do the
same thing by going down the finger of
a rope and we attack years from
of the fifth string it is 1 1 there
this is the second agreement is the
third agreement that we will do is
1st must here then for beginners it
is going to be a little bit like saying
acrobatic that is to say we will do
benoit 9th must see well so the
first must and on the fifth string
second box the number two finger and
on the 4th strings fourth box and the
little finger so that's why he
must be well positioned actually his thumb
no i was showing this the camera the thumb
ideas there in relation to
fingers ie it's actually
located between the first and the second
must and the little finger that comes on the
6th box of this fourth when that
does it like that to my of course there
[Music]
or there can be used for for
first and second positions I you
showed either the fourth finger as
me I do or third must if you
who see